Update README.md (#236)
PlayFab/UnitySDK: README.md

# UnitySDK README

> The easist way to get started is to use our [EditorExtensions plugin](https://github.com/PlayFab/UnitySDK/tree/master/ExampleTestProject/Assets/PlayFabEditorExtensions). This plugin provides a clean UI for configuring the SDK as well as automatically downloading, installing and upgrading the PlayFab SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get started is to use our [EditorExtensions plugin](https://aka.ms/PlayFabUnityEdEx). This plugin provides a clean UI for configuring the SDK as well as automatically downloading, installing and upgrading the PlayFab SDK.
```

## 3. Installing or Upgrading the PlayFab UnitySdk

> The easist way to get started is to use our [EditorExtensions plugin](https://github.com/PlayFab/UnitySDK/tree/master/ExampleTestProject/Assets/PlayFabEditorExtensions). This plugin provides a clean UI for configuring the SDK as well as automatically downloading, installing and upgrading the PlayFab SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get started is to use our [EditorExtensions plugin](https://aka.ms/PlayFabUnityEdEx). This plugin provides a clean UI for configuring the SDK as well as automatically downloading, installing and upgrading the PlayFab SDK.
```
